For 2nd post,

start with intro and recap from 1st post
Include all the deatils mentioned below,

Important dates:
June 23rd - Registration opens
June 28th - Registration closes
July 5 - Might receive code through mail on successful registration
July 5 - UOB card presale
July 7 - Ticket sales

Introduce these dates in the first paragraph

Registration opens on June 23rd, morning 12 PM SGT (09:30 AM IST) on ticketmaster.sg site, till 28th June. 

On successful registration, one might get code on July 5th to enter the queue during ticket sales on July 7th.

Meanwhile, already setted up an account at the ticketmaster.sg, to go smooth during the registration.

```On June 23rd, it was Friday, my commute was as usual. Setted up a alarm at 09:20, 09:25 AM, After getting down at Bus top, been waiting to board office cab, while waiting I was anxious about the Ticket registration process. Been thinking the same in the cab commute too. 
Always do French lesson on Duolingo, during cab commute, but that day, didn't do. Reached office around 9 AM, and went to have breakfast at the dining hall, teammates were discussing something but no words reached my ears. 
After finishing breakfast went to my desk around 09:20. The first alarm fired. Opened my lapton, connected ethernet and went to the site. Logged in and waited for the registration to start. 
Also shared the link to fellow team mates to go to respective page to wait till registration starts to make sure I might pass the queue in one's try. 
Time is nearing 09:30, I can't contain my anxiety, but I love doing things in pressure and in last minute, so part of me enjoyed the same. 
Watching the clock with seconds precise, and it is 09:30, refreshed the page to see the registration button got enabled, it got enabled after few miuntes, went in and I was placed in a queue with number 212245, I was shocked to see the number, waited in the queue patiently. 
Meantime, went to few of teammates places and asked them to be on queue as well for backup if any technical issues arise at my side. Moved queue window to my monitor to see the big picture of it and my close friend/teammate Priya also moved hers to her monitor as well who sits nearby. 
Time went to 09:50 still I haven't passed through the queue. And finally by 10:13 (fun fact: 13 is the lucky number and birthday of Taylor), I went in and did registration. So asked to close fellow teammates to close the window. I felt that I have achived some milestone.```

Give more priority to the content inside ```

Then saw in twitter that some received confirmation mail for the registration, but I haven't received mine, that gave mee anxious again, And 11:09 am, received the mail confirming registration.

The same day during evening commute, I was blaberring about the things happened to my friend/crash. She seemed interested in listening about that.

I might get codes to enter the ticket sales on July 5. Also there was UOB card presales, So started checking about possibility of someone from Singapore to join that presale on July 5.

Characters:
Priya - My teammate/bestie, who was very excited for me
Bus travel buddy - 1st post crush/great friend

Please give more priority to these characters

You MUST include all the details said previously and generate nice looking content for post 2 in simple English as in post 1.